I'm waiting to see Gao Yushi
Oh, dear.
The four families of Suwen have been in Linjiang City for a hundred years
Famous wealthy merchants within a hundred miles
See you today
Why so down
Gao Jade doesn't know anything
I was hit by heavy rain in Linjiang City
Ryoda
Cause the refugees everywhere to be unscrupulous and shameful
I'm really sad to wait.
Recently disappeared
He even took out a large amount of money
Now I can't make ends meet.
In recent years, there have been thousands of natural disasters
People are dying
We are all locally possessed
Loved by a bunch of people
How can you just sit back and watch?
But when it comes to generosity
It's done.
I'm less stressed.
Four great families
Lamb picture
It's just that this official is entrusted by the empress
Come to take charge of all the affairs of this riverside city
King Shi arrived at Linjiang City
My Lin family should show sincerity
I would like to surrender myself to martial arts
Selling grain at a loss
The subconscious Zhao family's relationship is also
self-descending
Wuwen
Eight texts will be eight texts
What do you think?
Ha ha.
I want the food in your hands
All raised to 150 words
Only high, not low
Whoever is less than 150 won a fight
Then I will kill anyone with no less than 150 yuan in a fight.
Your Excellency
The old man may be old
The second end doesn't work either.
What did you just say?
Let my grain not be sold less than 1.50 million morning
What the official means
Is it difficult to understand?
150 first class
Anyone who dares to sell at this price
Let me check it out.
Then the head falls
Wait, did you hear it clearly this time?
Can Lord Jade post a list on this matter?
Hahaha, don't worry, don't worry.
After this meal today
The price of grain shall not be lower than 150 yuan
It will flatten the streets and alleys of Linjiang City
Ah Arden
Go back.